the day of the Lord is it had the
Jerusalem call began with repentance and
the tearing down of walls between Jew
and Gentile believers
when Jesus walked here 2,000 years ago
and it was and pilot said here behold
here is your king and the people said no
we don't have a king but we have Caesar
and thus rejected yeshua jesus is our
king and our Messiah and Savior and as
Israeli believers what we repent of that
because we want to have you as our King
as a messiah is alone likewise Gentile
leaders repented for not fully
appreciating their Jewish roots where
but branches grafton there's a depth
that's here in Jerusalem and among these
people that I never honored and I
believe part of the key for the great
awakening the end of the age is the
honoring of the route thanks to God TV
millions in believers around the world
are 20 when believers here in Jerusalem
to pray not only reward my revival
here in Israel
to know Jesus
their Messiah everything is accelerating
and we who live here in the land we feel
it we're in some ways we're really in
the center we're on the front lines of
the battle and it really is ultimately a
battle for the return of the Lord you
know because Jesus will not return until
the Jewish people will say baruch haba
b'shem adonai blessed is he who comes in
the name of the Lord global day of
prayer founder grand power said never
before have so many believers been able
to join together to pray for the
nation's it's amazing to think that
today 214 of the 220 nations are all
praying together over Nathan are span we
are literally in a lease and measure of
the fulfillment where millions maybe
hundreds of millions are turning their
heart praying in Jerusalem and thousands
have come here we're in a day of
fulfillment of prophecy it means to me
that jesus is coming soon